feat: initial implementation (#1)
moxystudio/react-animate-text: README.md

[downloads-image]:https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@moxy/react-animate-text.svg
[npm-image]:https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@moxy/react-animate-text.svg
[build-status-url]:https://github.com/moxystudio/react-animate-text/actions
[build-status-image]:https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/moxystudio/react-animate-text/Node%20CI/master
[codecov-url]:https://codecov.io/gh/moxystudio/react-animate-text
[codecov-image]:https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/moxystudio/react-animate-text/master.svg
[david-dm-url]:https://david-dm.org/moxystudio/react-animate-text
[david-dm-image]:https://img.shields.io/david/moxystudio/react-animate-text.svg
[david-dm-dev-url]:https://david-dm.org/moxystudio/react-animate-text?type=dev
[david-dm-dev-image]:https://img.shields.io/david/dev/moxystudio/react-animate-text.svg

A react component that animates text per word and/or per line.

## Installation

```sh
$ npm install @moxy/react-animate-text
```

This library is written in modern JavaScript and is published in both CommonJS and ES module transpiled variants. If you target older browsers please make sure to transpile accordingly.

## Motivation

> With the constant necessity of having animated text creating a component every time becomes time wasting. This component offers a solution to animate text that you can easily integrate and use in your project.

Reviewer: Just a suggestion: 

```suggestion
Many projects share the necessity of having animated text, so creating a component for that every time is a waste. This component offers a flexible solution to animate text that you can easily integrate and use in your project.
```

## Usage

```js
import React from 'react';
import AnimateText from '@moxy/react-animate-text';

const MyComponent = (props) => (
    <div className="container">
        <AnimateText initialDelay={ 0.5 } wordDelay={ 0.5 }>
            Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
        </AnimateText>
    </div>
);

export default MyComponent;
```

The `AnimateText` component uses the [`@moxy/react-split-text`](https://github.com/moxystudio/react-split-text) to split the text.

To import the stylesheet, one can import it on the project's entry CSS file:

```css
@import "@moxy/react-animate-text/dist/index.css";
```

Or in the project's entry JavaScript file:

```js
import "@moxy/react-animate-text/dist/index.css";
```

## API

These are the props available in `@moxy/react-animate-text`.

#### children

Type: `string` | Required: `true`

> Text to be split and animated. The text is split by non-breaking spaces.

Reviewer: We should take advantage of the `SplitText` component and add the ability to split the text by a [separator](https://github.com/moxystudio/react-split-text#separator) of our choosing.

It should be as simple as adding a `separator` prop and pass it the the `SplitText` component.

Author: That is something that I thought about but ended up not adding. I will add it now!

#### separator

Type: `string` | Required: `false` | Default: `non-breaking space`

The pattern describing where each split should occur, just like the one from `String.prototype.split()`.

#### className

Type: `string` | Required: `false`

A className to apply to the container.

#### show

> Type: `boolean` | Required: `false`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Type: `boolean` | Required: `false` | Default: `undefined`
```

            Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
        </AnimateText>
    </div>
);

export default MyComponent;
```

The `AnimateText` component uses the [`@moxy/react-split-text`](https://github.com/moxystudio/react-split-text) to split the text.

To import the stylesheet, one can import it on the project's entry CSS file:

```css
@import "@moxy/react-animate-text/dist/index.css";
```

Or in the project's entry JavaScript file:

```js
import "@moxy/react-animate-text/dist/index.css";
```

## API

These are the props available in `@moxy/react-animate-text`.

#### children

Type: `string` | Required: `true`

Text to be split and animated.

#### separator

Type: `string` | Required: `false` | Default: `non-breaking space`

The pattern describing where each split should occur, just like the one from `String.prototype.split()`.

#### className

Type: `string` | Required: `false`

A className to apply to the container.

#### shouldShow

Type: `boolean` | Required: `false` | Default: `true`

Whether or not you want the text to be displayed.

#### transitionDuration

Type: `number` | Required: `false` | Default: `0.8`

The transition duration in seconds for each animation.

#### initialDelay

> Type: `number` | Required: `false` | Default: `0.3`

Reviewer: This default value should be `0` as it's the initial animation, should leave this as vanilla as possible.

The initial delay in seconds for the animations to start.

#### lineDelay

> Type: `number` | Required: `false` | Default: `0.2`

Reviewer: This should be `0.3` as it's our standard animation duration.
